Segment: 5
Time Interval: 00:06:46.367, 00:08:35.432
Closed Captions:
we solved using union find so the next algorithm on our list is definitely one of the more difficult ones and definitely more obscure you don't see this algorithm used a lot but it is topological sort and this algorithm is actually built on top of one of the previous algorithms dfs you can see why dfs is so important because it's actually used in a lot of other algorithms including topological sort so topological sort basically at a high level is we are given a directed acyclical graph basically a graph with directed edges and the graph will not have any cycles basically the topological sort of a graph like this one would be reading the values of every single node in the graph but only and basically printing those values out in such an order that for example d when we print d we have to make sure that every node that came before it has already been printed or processed or traversed or whatever you want to call it so one valid topological sort would be a b c d and e a topological sort doesn't have to be unique there's actually two different topological sorts in this graph we could do a and then we could do b and then c or we could do c and then do b that's two different choices we have but once we do those then the choices are limited then we have two nodes left we have to do d before we do e so one topological sort could be a b c d e this is where we are doing this with depth first search so the overall time complexity is going to be big o of n we are going to be using a hash set since we are doing dfs but if we do it recursively that should be the only data structure that we actually need this was a very quick explanation of topological sort but if you would
Image Analysis:
Observing the images provided, we can see that they are educational in nature and focused on a computer science concept. Both images are titled "Topological Sort," which is a graph algorithm used in computer science to order vertices in a directed acyclic graph. 

In the first image, we see an empty template with a graph containing vertices labeled A to E and directed edges connecting them. There are placeholders for "Time," "Data Structures," and "Output," which are likely intended to be filled out during an explanation or teaching session.

In the second image, the graph appears again, this time with additional annotations. The "Time" field has been filled in with "O(n)," which indicates the time complexity of the algorithm is linear with respect to the number of vertices or nodes in the graph. The "Data Structures" field is filled in with "HashSet," suggesting that a hash set is used in the implementation of the algorithm. Lastly, the "Output" field is filled in with "A B C D E," which likely represents one possible topological ordering of the vertices, assuming that the graph does not have any cycles and all vertices are connected.

The common elements across the images are the graph and the focus on explaining the topological sort algorithm. The recurring theme is educational content related to algorithms and data structures in computer science.

The pattern suggests that the images are part of a tutorial or educational lecture demonstrating how to perform a topological sort on a directed acyclic graph. The consistent message is the explanation of the algorithm's time complexity, the data structures used, and the expected output.

Summarizing these observations, the scene's likely narrative is an instructional setting where an educator or presenter is explaining the concept of topological sorting to students or an audience interested in computer science. The images serve as visual aids to enhance understanding of the algorithm's mechanics and how it is applied to a sample graph.